good all attached to a new video
well, it looks like we have a new
thriller from left behind ' you know the
new dlc of the mobile history of the last
of us and good basically apart from it
we also have more details try
have in the description did you get in
gm exclusive and you have it on your page the
Egyptian I leave it as always and
now basically you can see that in the
epic then we have a new story
with him and his friend riley and basically
Well, this story will be before the
events that happened the last
of us with joel and tan will not be a kind
of prequel we could not say and it seems
be that according to have given the details
have out and digital will be a bit more
unabashed that the game does not basically
Well, we have two very protagonists
young friends and basically everything
will focus a lot on the jokes and such
fact in which you can see that yes it is
focuses a lot on jokes and such and that
It will be funny enough or not funny
why it's not going to be will not stop
be terrifying and surely we have
our encounters with the
monsters of always is not very possible
I the truth
What do I think of this DLCI I want to
prove it the truth I have many
very many very much desire to try it
but I believe in a certain sense it is a
make a donated DLD from before
of what is the story of such but I
I think I would have liked to see more
new characters I do not mean
to this dlc not that we have the friend of
he and such I mean others
different characters that how they lived
they can not have all this
introduced then something pretty enough
pretty cool but well this does not stop
to be something totally different from what
that we have seen so far of the
stoves and it's possible that it fits quite
in what is the game and such we have already
The last passed all of us good
all of us who have had it
surely and then now it touches therefore
enjoy different things no no of
something totally similar and that is
pretty well thought out by part of
naughty doha so good we will see to see
how about all this for now as I say
have I will skip the description in which
do not expect a mega fucking trailer because
he left us three mild point basically what
that we are going to find
in said of him it is a joke if such
that good nothing more kids of young in
the next video to people